wake up in the morning feeling like
Buster Keaton can't take my
prescriptions yet because I haven't
eaten before I leave I dipping the
dentures and some poligrip then I rub
some bengay on my tender him we're
talking corns on our toes toes putting
on support hose hose driving down the
highway slow slow Chuck Chuck Chuck
chillin in boca raton getting our bingo
on is a picture of my grandson grandson
please stop turn it down doesn't have to
be so loud you're blowing up my hearing
aid it's not covered by Medicaid my bed
time of six o'clock my front door of
seven locks because I'm whoa whoa whoa
whoa in the summer we were a coax and we
watch Murder She Wrote every day we go
to Mass hey you kids get off my grass
I'm out let's have some soup and
rehearse for choir group
care in the world because we're drinking
Rob Roy's then we get a ride to denny's
from my youngest boy and now the gents
are lining up because they say we smell
minty but we show them to the door
unless they look like we'll Brimley
sitting and watching our stories Judge
Judy Regis and more we remember when we
were 40 me neither hit the early bird
buffet then catch a matinee what the
heck did he just say I didn't hear it
either let's do the Lindy Hop did I just
hear something pop rock is running out
I've got psoriasis and gout I'm cranky
and a blunt I'll say whatever I want
because I'm ho ho oh my grandkids are
scared of me because I give them weird
a first-rate my son but cannot
understand his job of someone rub her
feet and could you please turn up the
heat because it's cool cool cool it is
cold